CLOUDFLARE_DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Deploying to Cloudflare Pages

This document provides instructions for deploying this Next.js application to Cloudflare Pages.

## Prerequisites

1. A Cloudflare account
2. The repository connected to Cloudflare Pages

## Deployment Steps

1. Log in to your Cloudflare dashboard
2. Navigate to Pages
3. Click "Create a project" or select your existing project
4. Connect your GitHub repository if not already connected

## Build Configuration

Use the following build configuration settings:

- **Framework preset**: Next.js
- **Build command**: `cd apps/web && pnpm install && pnpm run build`
- **Build output directory**: `apps/web/.next`
- **Root directory**: `/` (repository root)
- **Node.js version**: 18 (or higher)
- **Deploy command**: `cd apps/web && npx wrangler deploy deploy.js`

## Environment Variables

Add the following environment variables in the Cloudflare Pages dashboard:

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL`: Your API URL (e.g., https://api.gurnoor.dev)
- `NODE_VERSION`: 18

## Advanced Settings

### Functions

If you're using API routes or server components, enable the Functions feature in your Cloudflare Pages project settings.

### Compatibility Flags

Add the following compatibility flags:

- `nodejs_compat`

## Manual Deployment

If you prefer to deploy manually, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Navigate to the web app directory
cd apps/web

# Build the application
pnpm run build

# Deploy to Cloudflare
pnpm run deploy
```

## Post-Deployment

After deployment, check the following:

1. Verify that all pages load correctly
2. Test API routes if applicable
3. Check that static assets are served correctly

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues with the deployment:

1. Check the build logs for errors
2. Verify that the build output directory is correct
3. Ensure all dependencies are installed correctly
4. Check that environment variables are set properly
5. If you see "Missing entry-point" errors, make sure the deploy command includes the path to `deploy.js`

## Additional Resources

- [Cloudflare Pages documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/)
- [Next.js on Cloudflare Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-nextjs-site/)
- [Wrangler CLI documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/)

Commit message:

Add root level wrangler.toml and deploy script

CLOUDFLARE_DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Deploying to Cloudflare Pages

This document provides instructions for deploying this Next.js application to Cloudflare Pages.

## Prerequisites

1. A Cloudflare account
2. The repository connected to Cloudflare Pages

## Deployment Steps

1. Log in to your Cloudflare dashboard
2. Navigate to Pages
3. Click "Create a project" or select your existing project
4. Connect your GitHub repository if not already connected

## Build Configuration

Use the following build configuration settings:

- **Framework preset**: Next.js
- **Build command**: `cd apps/web && pnpm install && pnpm run build`
- **Build output directory**: `apps/web/.next`
- **Root directory**: `/` (repository root)
- **Node.js version**: 18 (or higher)
- **Deploy command**: `chmod +x deploy.sh && ./deploy.sh`

> **IMPORTANT**: The deploy command must explicitly specify the path to the entry point file. Using just `npx wrangler deploy` without arguments will result in a "Missing entry-point" error.

## Environment Variables

Add the following environment variables in the Cloudflare Pages dashboard:

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL`: Your API URL (e.g., https://api.gurnoor.dev)
- `NODE_VERSION`: 18

## Advanced Settings

### Functions

If you're using API routes or server components, enable the Functions feature in your Cloudflare Pages project settings.

### Compatibility Flags

Add the following compatibility flags:

- `nodejs_compat`

## Manual Deployment

If you prefer to deploy manually, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Navigate to the web app directory
cd apps/web

# Build the application
pnpm run build

# Deploy to Cloudflare
pnpm run deploy
# OR directly with Wrangler
npx wrangler deploy deploy.js
```

## Post-Deployment

After deployment, check the following:

1. Verify that all pages load correctly
2. Test API routes if applicable
3. Check that static assets are served correctly

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues with the deployment:

1. **"Missing entry-point" error**:
   - Make sure your deploy command is `chmod +x deploy.sh && ./deploy.sh` or explicitly includes the path to the entry point
   - Do NOT use just `npx wrangler deploy` without arguments
   - Check that the `deploy.sh` script is executable and properly accessing the entry point file

2. **File not found errors**:
   - Verify that `apps/web/deploy.js` exists and is properly formatted
   - Check that the build completed successfully before deployment

3. **Other issues**:
   - Check the build logs for errors
   - Verify that the build output directory is correct
   - Ensure all dependencies are installed correctly
   - Check that environment variables are set properly

## Additional Resources

- [Cloudflare Pages documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/)
- [Next.js on Cloudflare Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-nextjs-site/)
- [Wrangler CLI documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/)
